Rangers come in guys we've got trouble
what is it sorta towards that is
controlling people's minds in order to
take over the world you must stop them
immediately we're on our way
come on guys cheer up in time
look at that screen why it's the Power
Rangers let's go think so
cool the Power Rangers are grooving to
our tune
listen dudes and dudettes keep that
steady beat pounding it's morphin time
tigers or Triceratops
Frasier's don't be strangers this device
it's gonna stop you cold I don't think
so
that's close d'arnot check traffic roads
are clogged with powerless Rangers
filling the machine we've got to grab it
stop
everybody back I'm coming after you
mushroom head no that is throwing the
device NL for the weather bright sunny
days for Lords and talking cloudy days
for the robotic Rangers
yeah this is a catastrophe everyone's
hypnotized except the white manger I'm
afraid without the blue rangers device
boards that may finally have created a
monster that the power rangers are not
able to defeat not in this one I don't
get your stakes for you I have an oldie
but a goodie do you see this red juicy
Apple it's delicious and nutritious when
you eat it but deadly when you light it
fuse it's a blast from the past
that's right but your jokes are so old
your eyes starting to bore me
well then listener here's something new
for you a fraud Jay bomb what
five explosive hits just keep on coming
huh listen
oh okay Power Ranger I've checked my
playlist and it's time to change you're
down here are the lyrics
hey Lord said now it's time for me to
take a commercial break